fix: Update user guide based on changes to UI (#2534)
atlasmap/atlasmap: docs/src/main/asciidoc/user-guide/topics/separate-one-source-field-into-multiple-target-fields.adoc

.Procedure

. In the *Source* panel, navigate to the field that contains the content you want to separate and click
image:CreateNewMapping.png[Create new mapping].

> . In the *Target* panel, for each field you want to have map part of the source field's content into, navigate to the field and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Target* panel, for each field into which you want to map part of the source field's content, navigate to the field and
```

click image:ConnectToSelectedMapping.png[Connect to selected mapping].
+
The data mapper automatically changes the mapping type to *Split*.
+
When you are done selecting target fields, you should see lines from the
source field to each of the target fields.

. In the *Mapping Details* panel, in the *Delimiter* field,
select the character in the source field that indicates
where to separate the source field values. The default is a space.

. In the *Mapping Details* panel, under *Targets*, ensure that the target
fields are in the same order as the corresponding content in the
compound source field.
+

> If necessary, increase of decrease the indexes next to a target field to achieve the desired order.

Reviewer: Typo:  replace "of" with "or"

> If necessary, increment of decrement the indexes next to a target field to achieve the desired order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, increase or decrease the indexes next to a target field to achieve the desired order.
```
